chore: Release v0.35.0 (#2212)
meltano/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1918](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/1918) End RESTStream pagination if an empty page is received

### 🐛 Fixes

- [#2203](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2203) Fix serialization of arbitrary objects (e.g. `ObjectId` from mongoDB) during flattening -- _**Thanks @dgawlowsky!**_
- [#2200](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2200) Quote column names in INSERT statement
- [#2195](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2195) Include empty `schemas` directory in REST tap cookiecutter
- [#2187](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2187) Replace use of deprecated `jsonschema._RefResolver` with recommended `referencing` library
- [#2184](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2184) Reduce amount of unnecessary whitespace in Singer output
- [#2183](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2183) Ensure `.vscode` directory is included when requested in cookiecutters and avoid failing if it does not exist
- [#2180](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2180) Limit supported Python versions in `--about` output to existing ones
- [#2108](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2108) Log sink name when an unhandled error occurs during setup

> - [#2158](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2158) Fix pytest plugin declaration so it can be used without requiring declaration of `pytest_plugins`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2158](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2158) Fix pytest plugin declaration so it can be used without requiring defining `pytest_plugins` in `conftest.py`
```
